9 a.m. in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and here
in Hong Kong, you're watching the China
Show. I'm Yvon [music] Man with
Annabelle Drooers. We're counting down
to the open of markets in greater China
and our top stories this morning. Well,
Asian stocks on track to snap a 4-day
winning streak with hawkish Fed
commentary prompting traders to trim
bets on a December rate cut.
>> We got China's October activity numbers
due in about an hour's time, set to show
the longest retail sales [music]
slowdown in more than four years. says
Beijing's rhetoric fails to fire up
consumers
>> and tech shares in focus after better
thanex expected earnings from 10 cent
JD.com. Alibaba also in the spotlight as
it revamps its AI app to take on [music]
Chat GPT.
Our
MLF colleagues are saying it could be a
fearful Friday when it comes to Chinese
markets here today. You get the AI
unwind and that Fed uncertainty that
certainly is weighing on global markets
here today. And then you have of course
data dump coming out of China for
October. That weak credit data that we
got last night certainly didn't help and
bode well. We'll see how the tech plays
there given the earnings that we saw
from 10 cent from JD overnight as well.
But certainly that is one thing to watch
here. We're also live from Shanghai this
morning at the City China conference
here. Perfect timing to have a China
conference. Let's cut to our Steven
Engel, chief nature correspondent. He's
joining us from the venue. Hey, Steve.
>> Yeah, that's right. I continue to take
the China show on the road. We just, of
course, had uh city's head of global
banking, Vis Ragavan, talking about the
AI boom, if you will, still having legs
as far as deal flow. So, that was a good
takeaway. But coming up on the China
show, we have the who's who of course of
corporate Asia as well as the CEO of
City Bank of City herself, Jane Frasier.
But coming up in the next half hour,
guys, we're going to be talking to
Gordon Woo Hopewell Holdings uh chairman
essentially talking about the Hong Kong
and China property outlooks. And there's
Nicholas Burns as well. He is the former
US ambassador to China under Joe Biden
obviously
a career diplomat as well an expert in
Russia. So we will be talking about the
latest comments that uh Zalinski of
Ukraine gave to Bloomberg News and then
as I mentioned Jane Frasier, city CEO
and chair get an update on the
restructuring plan, [music] her China
outlook and again the selling or at
least the approval by Vladimir Putin to
sell the Russian bank. Lots coming up uh
here exclusively on Bloomberg television
from the China conference of city.
>> Yeah, Steve, really great lineup there.
You can see and in anticipation of that,
let's also take a look at the market
dynamics this morning because that's
also going to be of course feeding into
those conversations. But really at the
outset you can see here there's quite a
lot of weakness across the board. So
you're down nearly 1% on the broader
gauge. But taking a look at some key
markets. So for instance, Taiwan is
standing out to the downside. You're now
starting off for another day of trading
but looking for an 11th day of selling
pressure. The NIK there really bearing
the brunt of this and or the Cosby as
well rather should note 2.3% to the
downside. But just on that currency
front because of course some of the
moves that we've seen in in the currency
the Korean one have been attributed to
to foreigners offloading key stocks like
Samsung SKH highix but you are just
seeing the Korean one a little bit
stronger there. We have been hearing
from authorities this morning looking at
measures to try and stabilize the
currency working for instance with the
national pension fund but it has been
trading down to around a 16-year low
that currency. So clearly a lot of
pressure there, but as I said in
aggregate, we had that hawkish
commentary out from Fed officials
overnight and that is certainly playing
into the dynamics because you've got
this sort of reappreciation that you're
seeing right now around when we're going
to see the next Fed rate cut. Is
December for instance still on the
table? But let's also take a look at the
golden dragon index because overnight as
well, I mean we had a lot of key
earnings coming out after the bell
yesterday. So you got JD, you've got 10
cent as well. You did see that selling
pressure here down 1.6% 6% but actually
the numbers for 10 cent and JD were
sales beats particularly strong for 10
cent it's actually really becoming this
sort of new tech darling of course a
long-standing tech darling but a bit of
a reappreciation going on because this
is a company that doesn't need to be
quite so aggressive in the way it goes
about its AI endeavors and that is
certainly bearing dividends especially
when it's not exposed to the key
commerce war e-commerce wars that you
see with JD Mtoan and Alibaba as well
but just shifting into what we're
expecting for the China session today.
Uh you do see futures again setting up
for some moves to the downside here, but
uh there's other themes at play and
Ivon, of course, you got the activity
numbers coming up, but you've also got
as well that credit data showing further
weakness in the economy.
>> Yeah, weakest print we saw in terms of
credit growth in more than a year. Uh
whether it's from households, whether
it's from corporates doesn't bode well
in terms of what we could expect from
this data dump coming up at the top of
the next hour. So certainly that's going
to be the key thing that we're watching,
the market is watching out for here on
the back of these kind of riskoff moves,
right? You talk about, you know,
intervention risk that's happening in
Korea. Uh you talk about what's going on
with Bitcoin some 100,000. When you talk
about gold even selling off in the face
of this sort of riskoff moves, yeah, it
looks like things are, you know,
momentum is certainly zapped here on
this Friday as we wrap up what's already
been a pretty volatile uh trading week
that, you know, the government shutdown
and everything that's happened in the US
that seems to be priced in. Now, we're
focusing on really what can the Fed
really do and the fact that, you know,
we're we're watching these things in
China, right? So, we talked about
earnings in 10-centent activity data. Uh
the Tai King's also in China. We got
third quarter GDP numbers coming through
from Hong Kong. But yes, are are the
macro and micro tailwinds in some ways
fading right now. And can we continue
this rally in China uh before the end of
the year? That certainly is going to
keep be a key thing to watch because as
Kevin has it mentioned, right, when it
comes to you know the data after the
reopening of the government, when it
comes even the October data, you know,
they they'll be able to give the jobs
report but not really the unemployment
rate.
>> Yeah. Exactly. So there is still that
information vacuum and that's why I
think you're seeing a lot of hesitation
from some of these Fed officials on
whether they can actually stick their
neck out about whether to cut next month
or not.
>> Yeah, exactly. It's just that level of
uncertainty that you have. But let's
just shift back to what you were saying
about the the credit numbers as well
because this was a big one yesterday
after the bill that expansion uh the
weakest that we've seen in in more than
a year actually last month. So slower
government bond sales, sluggish
borrowing demand. It's really having
impacts across the economy here. But
let's bring in our China correspondent
Min Lo. So yeah, just tell us how bad
was it exactly?
>> Yeah, I mean the aggregate financing
number was a big big miss. It came in at
815 billion UN. The expectation was 1.2
trillion UN and new UN loans coming in
below expectation as well. And this is
coming from both corporates and
household. Corporate credit mid-to-m was
a fifth of what it was a year ago.
Household mid-to-m was contracting
again. And that's always a proxy for
mortgages. It shows you that people are
shying away from buying real estate uh
and outstanding loan as well declining.
And what that tells you is people are
paying back their loans faster than
they're taking it out. And this is even
more disappointing if you consider that
the Chinese government has been taking
measures to try to expand investment,
right? They have been creating the new
policy financing tools allowing banks to
issue, you know, 500 billion UN more uh
through bond issuance and the like to
expand investment. But we're not seeing
that uh sentiment being picked up here.
Uh what usually boo boo boo boo boo boo
boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo boo
boo boo boo boo boost those credit
numbers is the government bond sales but
they have been frontloading those sales
to the start of the year. So we're
seeing that slowdown as well. Overall,
very disappointing numbers. And you can
tell how much pressure the banks are
under because a couple of days ago, we
were reporting that these banks are
issuing phantom loans, getting consumers
to take out loans and pay them back
immediately with the banks covering the
interest rates just to cook up the
numbers and meet those government set
targets for their credit growth.
>> Uh, in terms of activity data, what are
you expecting later today?
>> Yeah, we are keeping an eye out for
consumption in particular because
economists are expecting a 2.8% 8%
growth, which will be the fifth straight
month of deceleration, the longest in
four years. And 2.8% that's also going
to be the weakest print in more than a
year. And you broaden out, you look at
the other numbers as well. Industrial
production expected to slow down to 5.5%
versus 6.5% the previous month. Uh
property investment expected to see
doubledigit declines. Fixed asset
investment continuing to see declines of
0.8 versus 0.5% the previous month. and
surveyed jobless rate as well expected
to remain elevated at 5.2%. So overall
also not a good picture. We already had
a hint of that lukewarm retail sales
numbers from the golden week holiday.
And the big question is what does this
mean for policy implications moving
forward, right? But given the growth
numbers and how it's looking like,
economies are expecting, we we shouldn't
be expecting more policy stimulus this
year given that we are expected to hit
the growth target.
>> Yeah. and things have been pushed back
in terms of what economists are
expecting here when it comes to rate
cuts and the like here. All right, Mim
Low, a good preview there and what
expected uh today when it comes to the
data side of things. Our China
correspondent Mimman low there. Uh and
we're going to be watching 10-centent a
little later on, right? You know, we we
actually saw as Belle you mentioned it
was actually pretty solid in terms of
earnings. Uh it was a beat when it comes
to revenue. The one thing that I thought
was a bit more maybe a concern is that
they talked about these chip shortages,
particularly when it comes to high-end
Nvidia chips, that could actually weigh
on their cloud business long term.
>> I think it weighs on their cloud
business in the sense that you've got
their internal cloud needs and then
you've got their external business
needs. And you did see that really
having a bearing here that they're not
going to be able to necessarily try and
and have so many enterprise or or paying
customers for their cloud if they need
to prioritize the internal 10-cent needs
first. And that is the clear impact that
you're seeing of chip short chip
shortages. But as you said, and that I
think tells the story really well, this
chart here, but you can see that that
essentially you've got declines in terms
of profit growth that you're seeing for
the likes of well, Alibaba has estimated
and and uh JD.com. We just had the
earnings out overnight, but but
essentially those those numbers that you
get there, 10 cent tells the story that
it is managing to hold up because it
hasn't needed to be so aggressive on its
AI spend. for instance, it's looking at
AI in a different way that they're
looking at as opposed to say some of the
the e-commerce giants that you see like
Alibaba for instance, their approach.
But yeah, I mean overall pretty strong.
>> Yeah. Let's bring in Billy Long. He
joins us from Sydney now. Investment
strategist, ETF focused fund manager,
Global X. Uh Billy, obviously it was a
beat in terms of the earnings when it
comes to Tencent, but there's still a
lot of pressure, you know, when it comes
to the overall AI sort of trade here
right now. How should we interpret this
set of results from 10-centent this time
around?
>> Yeah. No, I agree. I think um I think
you put it quite well. I think in terms
of the earnings, it was quite strong. I
was actually quite um I guess upbeat
about it. It was actually, you know, and
it was about 15% on the top line, but it
was a very clean beat if you consider
all the segments. If you look at for
example games, it was over 20% growth. U
most of the other segments, advertising
was also over 20% growth. And this is
really really impressive if you consider
how the consistency it is. And I think
um to give them I mean to give the
company credit we are seeing actually a
lot of this AI or what we call ad techch
actually supporting a lot of this
growth. So you know I think um you know
while we are seeing um like you
mentioned that you know they are I guess
reducing or um considering sort of
pulling back in terms of AI investments
we are seeing actually a lot of the uh
AI um impacting a lot of these growth
and you know it has sort of shown
especially in the latest earnings um you
know with all that sort of over 20%
growth in several segments.
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, how do you look at at at
Billy 10 cents longer AI strategy? Just
talk us through the way that they
actually want to develop and and and try
and build out the AI application across
the business because they are taking a
slightly different approach.
>> Yeah. No, I definitely agree when you
said that you in terms of um AI, they
are trying to probably monetize it much
more earlier, much more faster than its
competitors or even the Western
counterparts. And I think this is
something not just um I guess unique to
Tencent but probably more of a strategy
that a lot of the Chinese um tech
companies are employing and which is
trying to be very specific in terms of
what they do in AI whether it be I guess
developing it for you know social um
online social whether it be for
e-commerce whether it be for coding and
I think this is exactly what Tensen is
doing. They're being very very specific
in what they do with AI. um maybe maybe
spending less but you know potentially
monetizing and commercializing much
earlier than the peers and we have seen
that already. Um but you know to be fair
if you look at you know its peers as
well I mean Alibaba in terms of spending
AI they've also done that but in terms
of actually seeing the growth you know
Alibaba's cloud growth is actually quite
impressive as well growing at over 30%
and catching up to a lot of the western
peas as well. So, you know, we are
seeing a lot of this sort of AI strategy
actually playing out.
>> Billy, what works better then? I mean, I
I wonder there's this whole kind of big
bang approach that you see that Alibaba,
Huawei, Deep Seeker doing, and then you
have the 10 cents in the bite dances of
the world, as you say, was, you know, a
lot more moderate in terms of their
capex spend. They're they're willing to
kind of leverage this AI and integrate
it into their existing businesses like
WeChat, like games publishing, for
example. Which one has the better ROI
you think in the longer term?
>> Yeah, look um yeah, I definitely sort of
would prefer that sort of you know early
monetization, that early ROI and I do
sort of see that happening right now. So
if you ask me I do actually sort of um
you know appreciate you know what the
10centent is doing in terms of you know
uh trying to monetize that AI quickly
but you know we also have to realize
that in terms of the Chinese companies
in terms of AI spending and AI impact
we're still very very early stages. So
just to put that into context, if you
look at the um the major western
counterparts or maybe the Mac 7, they've
spent cumitively um close to $800
billion in AI capex. And if you look at
the Chinese counterpart to the Chinese
tech companies, they've only spent about
$200 billion cumitively. So you know, we
are still very very early stages in
terms of spending and also in terms of
potential impact. So you know, I would
say that it's still a little too early
to call, but uh definitely to answer
your question, I would prefer early
monetization.
Let's also talk about one of the
constraints Ivon just mentioned earlier
about this this capacity constraint
around cloud for instance and that could
have a bearing on on their ability for
instance to rent out their cloud
servers. Do you see that having such a
big bearing of course
>> really the the strength of the business
right now is in that international
gaming side but let's just talk about
cloud first.
>> Yeah. Yep. I mean definitely in terms of
the um chip constraint I do think that
it is already having an impact and we
have seen that 50 pullback in
investments but I don't think this is a
long-term structural issue um and
neither of this is an incremental um I
guess you know issue as well if you look
at the um the Chinese chip production
chip design you know this is
incrementally improving along the way as
well so in terms of I guess near-term or
actually short-term impact this is very
very um not much of a structural impact
and I think longer term we are going to
see potentially much more I guess supply
and much more availability of chips uh
to the Chinese tech companies um you
know especially for Tencent and Alibaba
and even to an extent the other names
such as BU as well.
>> Yeah and then just as we said that that
international gains business growth it
was really impressive for the period I
think up 43%. So it's it's clearly a big
driver for them right now but but how
long do you think that can be sustained?
seems like
>> oh sorry yeah sorry I missed that
question but yes I agree I mean that
international games up 43% on the third
quarter and I think this is just the
beginning because if you look at what
the 10-centent strategy right now is
that they're actually introducing a lot
of the key titles or successful titles
domest from the domestic names to
actually internationals so you know I
can't you know sort of say that this 40%
will be sustainable but I think in terms
of the games growth where we saw 23%
games growth this quarter a lot of it
you going forward at least for the next
I guess two three quarters it will be
driven. It will be driven by the
overseas name and again it will be the
strategy of introducing key domestic
successful domestic titles into the uh I
guess international arena.
>> All right, Billy, stay with us and that
was a two-part question so you didn't
miss anything at all. But we'll have
more with Billy Long joining us in the
next block as well, investment
strategist at Global X. But we're
counting down to the open of trade in
Shanghai, Shenzhen, Hong Kong. You're
watching the China Show and we've got
futures here pointing [music] to some
moves lower at the open. More ahead.
All right, continue to see the sell off
across this Friday morning in Asia and
you're seeing it quite pronounced in in
the Cosby here right now. Korea once
again is pulling back about 2%. We
talked about the Juan reversing some of
those early losses after what we heard
from the the government there about, you
know, possibly stepping in and really
seeking the help from the National
Pension Service there. That's at least
helping to arrest declines that we're
seeing on dollar um Juan here this
morning. But you are seeing the tech
gauges like Taipei, like like Soul that
are selling off quite significantly.
Futures in China also lower by about
half of 1%. Still with us is Billy Lung,
investment strategist at Global X. Uh
Billy, there's been now a lot of sort of
concerns around frothy valuations around
the AI trade, a lot of Fed uncertainty
and whether they can actually cut next
month or not given we don't have the
data uh in certain months of the US.
What do I do in terms of momentum until
the end of the year?
>> Yeah, I think um you know it's true that
in terms of um data there is a lack of
data, but it's also the quality of data
that's also an issue right now. I mean
for example if you look at last week we
saw a lot of conflicting jobs data which
actually I guess confused the market as
well. So I think going towards not just
towards the end of this year maybe for
even the next 12 months or in 2026 we
are going to see this ongoing issue of
whether or not this sort of fed rate cut
trajectory will be quite smooth and I
don't think it will be quite smooth. So
I think this is going to be an ongoing
issue. But going back to your point
about maybe fluffy valuations, maybe
looking at the AI, this is something
that I would sort of challenge
especially when you look at you know if
you look at the AI names or even the
tech names it's actually quite solid
compared to for example 20 25 years ago
and I think a really really good sort of
uh uh uh you know view is that if you
look at 20 years ago looking at the
NASDAQ you know over 70% of those
companies at that time was probably at
negative free cash flow. They were
probably unprofitable. if they had net
debt. But if you look at right now in
terms of the NASDAQ companies, that's
sort of opposite right now. We flipped
it over. 70% of the tech companies in
the US right now are actually profitable
and having positive free cash flow. So
we are in a much more solid um
fundamentals and quality. Um so I would
see that as more of a justification of
why I guess valuations are much higher
right now.
So this dip lower that we're seeing
today, you think that's just a sort of a
blip, but you actually think that it's
possible. We see sort of a Santa Claus
rally into year end. Are the conditions
there for that? [snorts]
>> I I I think it's possible. I think
especially with the potential reopening
and the reopening of the um US
government, um we are going to see I
guess more clarity in terms of numbers.
I know we did say that there's going to
be lack of quality, but that's going to
also calm the envir um uh calm the
market as well. Um but just overall you
know if you look at the third quarter
earnings uh for the US it actually
wasn't that bad. I mean in terms of the
reaction we did see quite tepid reaction
to the US uh earnings but in terms of
actually growth in terms of actually
surprises it's actually quite comparable
to the last few quarters. So I would say
that we are still in a very solid
environment in terms of fundamentals, in
terms of valuation and especially in
terms of growth and just bear in mind
that we are also heading into next year
and the next few years where again
potentially we have cheaper or lower
rates and also we also have the support
um from some of the policies especially
if you consider looking at the um one
big beautiful bill act this is going to
be very supportive of growth in the near
term as well.
>> Is there a need to hedge in any way? I
mean, I'm looking at, you know, a day
where dollar, treasuries, and gold even
sold off uh at a time when AI is also
unwinding. What's the best kind of
safety sort of bet here right now in
this market?
>> Look, I think um overall I think um
there's no sort of strong need to really
hedge out your equities because if you
consider the current equity premium,
it's actually still very very solid. You
know, there's still a very good case to
actually have equities over different
asset classes. So, I think that's one.
Um obviously you know we still like gold
you know gold is still a very very solid
commodity with very strong drivers for
example ETF flows and also central bank
purchases. So um in terms of actually
hedging the risk I don't see a huge need
um you know in terms of actually having
a both equity and commodities portfolio
that is already quite solid in terms of
my view.
>> Billy thanks very much for joining us
this morning. That was Billy Lung there
investment strategist at Global X. And
just as we head into break, uh, taking a
look at some of the early shares that
are trading, you've got JD for instance,
very much under pressure so far. Tracks
what we had on ADRs overnight. But yes,
we did see that revenue beat for the
business. The concern though is around
the operating loss because we had a loss
as it builds out its food delivery. It's
overseas business as well. Uh, 10 cent
is the other name you can track and and
again that company posting revenue beat.
It is still a bit under pressure, but
there were lots of things to like about
the numbers and we were just discussing
that there with Billy Long, but
essentially this company uh less
exposed, I guess, well definitely to the
e-commerce wars, but more uh considered
in the way that it it approaches AI
spending. But we'll have plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg
All
right, tech earnings in focus here
today. Take a look at how Tencent uh
JP.com, Billy Billy and Smis, they're
[music] all falling here this morning.
So despite that beat when it came to the
third quarter revenue for 10 cent, it is
kind of this downdraft that you're
seeing across the AI trade and the like
[music] globally that might be weighing
on that and really overshadowing some of
these pretty solid earnings. JB.com
[music]
also was actually seen as quite positive
in terms of the numbers, but yeah, still
concerns over food delivery and [music]
the like that's weighing on the stock.
We're down 3%. Bu shares not a good day
or week to really launch a new model,
but yeah, BU shares are down some 7%
right now. The open is next.
>> [music]
>> This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show and we're counting down to the
opener markets. You can see we're
[music] setting up for a day in the red
here. I mean, there's a lot of risk
aversion that's gripping Asian markets
as we approach the end of the week.
concerns about the the the outlook for
the Fed. Is a cut in December going to
be possible? But then you can add to
that more of the idiosyncratic [music]
stories. So JD for instance going to be
one of the big ones to watch in the
session today. But we had the earnings
out again a revenue beat but concerns
are on because there's that big issue.
[music] I mean how much are they
spending on their overseas expansion
plans the e-commerce wars and what does
that mean actually for their bottom
line?
>> Yeah. And cash [music] flows and the
like. That certainly is going to be the
key concern around JD where you know it
seems like there's other plays around
China tech that might be a bit more bet
safer bets like 10 cent for example but
today I don't really think it's an
earning story that's really going to
drive the price action here today when
you have this downdraft of AI names
being unwound that certainly is kind of
weighing on sentiment here today and as
as Belle mentioned uh when it comes to
this uncertainty around the Fed outlook
right when you talk about Fed rate cuts
and the possibility of a cut in December
has is now below 50%. Uh that certainly
does leave a lot of uncertainty on what
the Fed's going to do. You heard from
Kashkari and the like talking about, you
know, they're hesitant to really kind of
mention anything about December or even
decide on December if we still don't get
data, right? October, the day jobs data.
You might not get that unemployment rate
according to Kevin Hasset. So that's
certainly one thing to watch and markets
are starting to get a bit of concern
here. We we've kind of moved past the
government shutdown in in the US that's
been priced in this reopening and now
we're focusing on really uncertainty
around Fed cuts and of course uh still
once again digesting these kind of
frothy valuations around AI. So there
you go. That's the setup we're seeing
here as we head into Friday morning.
That's why you're seeing on markets are
lower by 610 of 1% the CSI 300. We're
tearing around still that 4,000 level
for the Shanghai Composite here. But
we're focusing very closely on what's
been going on in the tech space. There
you go. You see CL, Capricorn tech both
lower significantly this morning.
Capricorn down some 3%. Uh you are
seeing when it comes to what we saw
overnight, right? Gold, Bitcoin selling
off massively. So that flight to safety
is not quite there uh for the likes of
gold here this morning as well.
Dollarary yen certainly is one to watch
given the weakness we've seen. But
dollar China at least if you flip the
boards that seems to be a sense of
stability there in that pair because it
seems like right now we broke below that
710 handle for dollar China. while
you're seeing this weakness in the one
weakness in the yen uh the pound this
morning as well given what the FT was
reporting that they're going to give up
uh that the the tax rate there in terms
of uh there in the budget so certainly
that's going to be one thing to watch uh
in Europe today we're down 1.2% 2%. HS
Tech is lower by close to 2% here right
now. What's dragging that? It's Alibaba.
We're down some 3%. 10-centent 1.3%.
Doing a little bit better against the
the grain here. BU that's down 8% here
right now. That's despite them, you
know, announcing this Ernie bot 5.0. Um
that is not doing much in terms of uh
turning investors minds about AI trade
and like here. And there you go. Uh you
are seeing the ones that have reported
JD.com. you know, it was actually decent
set of numbers, but then again, there's
still some concerns, a lot I should say,
uh when it comes to food delivery and
how is this really going to impact uh
these price wars and the like. Um Billy
Billy at least the standing out one here
today. That was a slight beat uh there
as well. SMIC, there you go. We're down
about 9/10 of 1%. Bel, you got some
data.
>> Yeah, exactly. We just got the the new
home prices data crossing the terminal
in the last minute or so and and
actually it's showing further weakness
here because they've extended their
slump both new home prices, used home
prices, but just the ex the the new home
prices a contraction of45%
month on month uh new home or existing
home prices rather a fall of 66 month%
month on month. So again a worsening of
what we had in the month prior here.
It's certainly a big concern because
this is a period where you've had major
cities that have been looking at
different measures to try and revive the
struggling property market and it is of
course a crisis that's dragged on for
more than four years. You are just
seeing the broader developer gauge again
a bit in the red today but of course
it's going to be very much a riskoff
session.
>> Yeah, what you're seeing here in the
fourth quarter is shaping up to be quite
soft for China right when you take a
look at the the credit growth numbers
that we got yesterday. Weakest growth
we've seen in about 14 months I want to
say. Then you have what is still
continuing on the elephant in the room
which is this property downturn with no
signs of letup. So what does the October
data going to bring us? Right. Looks
like things are going to be looking
pretty soft uh when it comes to retail
sales and the like as well. Before we
get to that of course let's bring it
back to Shanghai and bring in our chief
Malaysia correspondent Stephen Engel who
is in of course at the City China
conference with our next guest. Hey
Steve.
>> Yeah that's right. We're going to pick
up on the theme of property obviously in
China but also in Hong Kong. Uh so those
woes in China property continue as they
haven't seemed to have put a floor on
those falling prices or falling uh
sentiment in Hong Kong. It's been a
difficult uh couple of years as well
with commercial real estate vacancies up
towards a record high near 18%. Retail
has suffered as well and then home
prices uh going forward into 2026 might
see a bit of a recovery. Let's get a
pulse check right now with Gordon Woo.
He is Hopewell Holdings chairman. Thanks
so much for joining us here and good to
see you. It's been a while since we've
had a good face tof face chat. So, what
is your outlook for 2026? You told me in
the pre-in you're cautiously optimistic
about a pickup in Hong Kong. Well, in
Hong Kong, I'm extremely optimistic on
the domestic supply of uh uh homes
because the demand, the strong demand is
still there. It has been affected by the
high interest rate.
>> Yeah.
>> Now, I'm not that optimistic about the
offices because that has been grossly
overbuilt. a result of uh the government
allow the industrial estate to be
converted into offices. So all of a
sudden you have a huge amount of supply.
It'll probably take another 5 years
before it will stabilize.
>> So you've seen this other uh I guess
business district really emerge in West
Counge
building this IGC giant place. You've
seen some of the big banks uh you know
JP Morgan and AIA is going to Keite.
There's been a diversification as well
leaving central pretty unoccupied right
now. Is that a dynamic that's going to
take a long time?
>> I say about 5 years.
>> Yeah. uh but as Hong Kong's economy has
picked up and it has particularly in the
financial sector because Hong Kong will
be will be the uh offsource center
trading for remb
>> right
>> because you cannot use Shanzhan or
Shanghai as that there's ex import
export control currency you need to have
permissions but Hong Kong is free and
rem has to be traded internationally and
Hong Kong is the place. Therefore, there
will be a lot of pickup from this
financial sector, the IPOs of the Hong
Kong stock exchange,
>> right?
>> And also the tourist business in in Hong
Kong. So, I I think I'm cautiously
optimistic.
>> So, what's going to be the net effect on
commercial property then? We the bargain
hunters perhaps from mainland coming in
uh a lot of these companies that are
going IPO, it's an IPO boom right now in
Hong Kong. Will they see Hong Kong at a
discount right central as a discount
right now where it might fill up with
>> That's right. And the prices will have
to soften so that the pickup rate will
be higher and nature will take its
course. There's the demand there's an
over supply but in due course there will
more and more demand for this thing. So,
you're really hopeful and I guess you're
betting on the fact that Hong Kong is
and will become even more the offshore
or the international financial center of
China. Even though maybe a decade or so
ago, Xiinping did declare this city that
we're in right now, Shanghai, as being
the international financial center. I
think the plans have changed
considerably.
>> Well, it has to be done gradually. As
they say, Rome wasn't built in one day
or in one week.
>> Right. Right. Right. So what's your
outlook for uh home prices because again
we're seeing that uh mortgage rates are
coming down. I know you think that is
probably the the key driver but also the
supply you know that is is not going to
be coming on as much
>> the supply of homes is not going to be
that much. So the two factors one is
demand is there and the other one is
interest rate and as long as interest
rate is high the market will be very
soft but when the rates come down then
it's going to be okay and Hong Kong we
are seeing that uh gradually the last
few months you know is starting to pick
up.
>> What kind of a recovery do you think
you'll see in home prices in 2026? Well,
uh, those days, you know, they're way
over, you know, you talk about, uh, over
$1,200,000
a square foot, you know, which is a
world record for any city.
>> So, this that this is not going to be
sustainable. So, we're going to be more
reasonable that uh, and particularly
that the income of the people in Hong
Kong is is still very very stable. So I
am very optimistic on the domestic part.
>> You're also uh optimistic about tourism
and you put your money where your mouth
is because you built this new hotel.
It's a thousand room hotel uh near
Hopewell Center.
>> A convention hotel.
>> A con with also a very large convention
floor space.
>> That's right.
>> So and your occupancy is pretty good.
>> The last two months has been uh 99%.
>> Why is why have you been able to succeed
when others are struggling with
vacancies? Well, what I do is that I
offer a five-star hotel at fourstar
prices, value for money. And actually,
this has always been my business
strategy. You supply something that
people want at a price they can afford
at the time they want it.
>> Is that the same philosophy with your
retail? You have Hong Kong Mall as well.
I mean, excuse Hopewell Mall.
>> Well, retail mall is the same principle.
40 odd years ago, I saw China Yeah,
Guangdong province needed electricity.
So I I build power stations over there,
over them rock bottom prices and and I I
build more power stations uh capacity
than China like.
>> Yeah. Well, speaking of China light,
you've also taken sort of an asset light
approach, more of a landlord rather than
being a developer. Uh this in hindsight
looks pretty good when you look at other
developers in Hong Kong. And I know you
don't want to heap uh you know scorn on
a fellow property developer like New
World, but they really overextended
themselves. How how much is that a real
cautionary tale for developers
throughout Hong Kong not to do what
Adrien Chung did?
>> Well, you see I've been in Hong Kong for
a long long time. I was born 1935. So I
seen an ups and downs of Hong Kong for a
long time. See,
credit is a good thing, but if you over
borrow is one of the worst things that
can ever happen because what goes up
comes down and you get the short end of
the stick.
>> Yeah.
>> So, the important thing is do not over
borrow.
>> How long is the problems in China going
to last? There doesn't seem to be a
floor yet. uh and the policy support has
not necessarily uh been the great big
bazooka
>> but actually China is quite stable now.
Yes, the prices has come down and who
are the ones that will suffer are
shareholders of the property companies,
bond holders.
>> Bond holders
>> and I'm sure they will have to make a
haircut. But the others consumers are
protected. The local governments has the
responsibility to finish the projects
and sell whatever is left to repay the
bank. So it's it's a very good solution
because as W said governments don't go
bankrupt. The local governments will
work very hard and uh they will do it
>> very quickly. I know you are a proponent
of the greater bay and the Pearl River
Delta. Do do these troubles make you go
uh pause your China investments right
now or are you investing in China? I
don't invest too much in China now
because uh uh for instance the state
owns most of the power stations you know
I wish I could keep on going but uh I
think they say well we know what it is
and we'll do it ourselves so my
opportunities in China are less and less
I got to discover something that they
need which they cannot provide and I'm
still searching
>> you're still going on Gordon great to
see you and happy birthday next month 90
next month.
>> At 90
>> 90 and going strong.
>> 90 90 years young.
>> 90 years young. We could only be so
lucky, guys. Back to you. You
>> sure? Okay. Okay. Okay.
>> Steve, great interview there. That was
uh Steve with Gordon Woo, chairman of
Hopewell Holdings and our chief North
Asia correspondent, Steven Angel. And of
course, more coming up. Steve is on the
ground at the City China conference. In
the next hour, we're going to be
speaking with the former US ambassador
to China. That's Nicholas Burns. And
stay tuned of course for a big exclusive
interview. Well, actually both of these
interviews exclusive, but with the city
C CEO rather, Jane Fraser.
>> Yep. And before we get to that, we are
certainly focusing on some lines
crossing here from the US. So they're
talking about uh cutting those section
232 tariffs in South Korea uh
automobiles to 15%. What was discussed
in Gyongju uh seems to be coming to
fruition here. This is the sort of the
official confirmation. also will
increase ships and combat ready vessels
uh in South Korea as well. Korean
markets though continue to see some
selling pressure here. We're down 2%
here. Big drags when it comes to SKH
Highix and Samsung here this morning.
And of course, we talked about
intervention watch when it comes to the
Korean one. Putting more ahead, this is
Bloomberg.
All
right, we're checking shares of dig gold
dig mining here this morning. Of course,
as we've been talking about gold prices,
[laughter]
>> you made it worse.
>> I definitely did.
>> It reminds me of that um Lord of the
Rings sort of episode with the
Starbucks.
>> I don't know what move out of the wood
means. I think it means actually under
the disc.
>> We're [laughter] dealing with we're
dealing with the new set mind us here.
Uh digging gold to do mining. uh you
know there's been some of course gold
prices now have been selling off in the
face of this selloff here which is quite
interesting and really impacting some of
the miners but there's this really
interesting story uh when it comes to
Morgan Stanley too facing scrutiny from
a US congressional committee over its
underwriting of a $3.7 billion Hong Kong
IPO from of course Zuin Gold our tech
and industrial policy reporter Maggie
Eastland she joins us now from
Washington thanks for staying up for us
tell us a bit more about this request
for information from the head of the
house China committee Sure,
of course. So, Representative John
Molinar has written to Morgan Stanley,
CEO, specifically about this IPO
underwriting of Zunin um gold and
specifically concerns around its parent
company that's a mining company out of
China that is subject to a US blacklist.
So, the representative actually has
concerns that the transaction itself may
have been motivated by a desire to evade
some of those US restrictions and he's
asking Morgan Stanley for more
information and details about their due
diligence process.
>> So, a letter's been sent to to Ted Pik
the CEO dated November 13, but but what
does it mean exactly for Morgan Stanley?
>> Sure. Right. So for now it's just a
request for more information and it is
just a letter from this one congressman.
However, it is a clear reputational
risk. Um you know of course it's a US
bank like most US companies. It doesn't
want to be connected to um blacklisted
entities um even through subsidiaries
that have uh forced labor concerns. And
that's what this letter calls out. So,
you know, it could become a real
reputational risk for Morgan Stanley.
And there is a potential that there
could be more legislative action if
Representative Molinar pursues that
after receiving the information that
he's asked for by the end of November.
>> And we saw a similar case when it came
to that CL listing
>> as well uh where there was increased
scrutiny uh from lawmakers in the US. Do
you think this is part of a a larger
trend?
>> Sure. Yeah. Well, there certainly are
two examples um both from this year,
both major public listings. I mean, some
of the largest IPOs across the globe
this year. Um and and this panel in
particular has been um quite concerned
about this. I would say broadly in DC
policy makers are very concerned about
in particular what kind of subsidiaries
Chinese firms are forming and the number
of um those subsidiaries and sort of
parent firms that are ending up on
blacklists is is certainly growing and
there's a lot of different blacklists
and a lot of different departments here
in DC. So, you know, it is definitely um
a risk that bankers will face as they
try to get in on some of the lucrative
opportunities that there are for Hong
Kong deals.
>> Maggie, thanks so much for joining us
and for staying up late. That was
Bloomberg's Maggie Eastland there. And
as we go to break here, just taking a
look at how markets are fairing and it's
very much a day in the red. Quite
significant selling pressure coming
across, but the Cosby really standing
out to the downside off 2.5%. The Korean
one, it's been trading down to around a
16-year low. And we have heard this
morning from officials in Korea talking
about teaming up with the National
Pension Fund, but essentially to take
some steps to try and ease that
currency. It has really been under
pressure given significant selling in
names like SKH Highix and Samsung, but
we will have more details on that ahead.
You're watching Bloomberg.
All
right, taking a look at how Korean
markets are fairing [music] this
morning. That's after President Li Jay
Nyung said that a joint fact sheet
outlining trade and security terms with
the US has been finalized. That sets the
tariff rate on South Korean car exports
at 15%.
>> Yeah. Meanwhile, I mean, the big story
really is what we're seeing in the
currency here right now because South
Korean authorities are really pledging
to take steps to stabilize the currency
after close discussion with the National
Pension Service and major exporters.
Let's bring in our Bloomberg
Intelligence Chief Asia FX and race
strategist Steven Chu on on what's
expected. I mean, it seems like we're
seeing more intervention risk around
Asia FX here, whether it's the yen,
whether it's Korean Juan.
>> Is it going to work to stabilize the
currency? I mean this is definitely one
of the focus yesterday we talked about
here about the yen risk and then now one
obviously this morning so immaterialized
for South Korea so in the second half of
the year two of the weakest currencies
in Asia exactly is the yen and the one
and the one is the weakest down by 7%
against the US dollar and that's even
with a lot of equity inflows in the
third quarter like cosp making well
really the best performer this year in
equities exports has been doing well in
Korea
>> what's driving it
>> it's really about the concern about that
US Korea deal talking about now we know
it's 350 billion
>> and because I think the key is market is
now moving away from trade war
>> moving away from the concern about the
US government and back to the fed back
to rate differentials and we know that
like as long as the fat stay hawkish
just like power stay hish last time then
it's going to hurt the low yielders it's
going to have hurt the yen it's going to
hurt the one so that's why they have to
step up at this moment
>> the fact that they're teaming up in
Korea the the the the government
officials with the MPS the national
pension service how serious seriousness
that tell you that they're taking it. Is
this is this something we've seen
before? Is it unprecedented?
>> We've seen before because like we know
NPS has a lot of overseas investment
especially in dollars. So they could
easily just increase the hedging ratio
just hedge dollar exposure and obviously
Korea talk to the exporters as well
because with trade the trade in Korea
doing so well a lot of exports in
dollars they can also convert those
dollars into the one. So in the near
term there could been an impact to
support the war. So now we saw the one
rallying this morning. It could rally
further. But the key question is if as
long as market focus on the Fed,
especially heading towards the December
FOMC. If that's still the main driver
and the Fed stays somewhat hawkish, then
that's going to be hurtful for the one
>> dollar China is breaking below 710 right
now, why is it resilient and and being
more strong than the rest of Asia?
>> It's one of my favorite story.
[laughter]
Yeah, it's yeah it's hard to explain but
if you look at the fundamentals I know
like if you look at growth if you look
at consumption is still very weak but
for the Chinese yen it's really about
trade if you look at exports we look at
trade balances at record high on a 12
month rolling basis FDI is improving so
the structural factor for the currency
is improving so that's why regardless of
how the dollar behave the UN is one of
my favorite currencies and in the first
half of the year if if you remember the
UN sort of hit multi multi-year low on
shore record low for offshore so it has
underperformed other Asian currencies.
So now it's making a comeback.
>> All right, great great context there,
Stephen. Thanks for joining us. That was
our Bloomberg Intelligence Chief Asia FX
and rate strategist Steven Chu [music]
there. Now for another check of the
markets as we go into break here, but
taking a look at these chip stocks this
morning, you can see really standing out
to the downside, you've got SKH, for
instance, Samsung. These have been some
of the biggest names that are seeing a
lot of foreign selling as we've been
discussing. That's putting [music]
pressure on the local currency as well
and forcing this government
intervention. But more ahead coming up.
This is the China show.
[music]
Welcome back to the China show. We're
looking ahead to the release of China's
October activity data. live pictures
there out of Beijing against this
backdrop of this selloff that continues
here uh in Friday uh morning in Asia
right take a look what Korea is doing
when they're talking about intervention
into the currency here given this
deepening show off in stock markets and
the like there we continue to see Cosby
under lots of pressure here this morning
and of course is it going to be that
fearful Friday that we're seeing across
markets China looking a little bit
better than the the rest of Asia markets
here today this whole unwinding of that
AI momentum trade once again you have
uncertainty over the Fed Fed and whether
we're going to get key data when it
comes to October. That's sort of
clouding the whole Fed outlook here. And
you have Fed officials also talking
about, you know, they can't really
decide what to do with December given
the fact that there's not that much
information so far.
>> Yeah, that's right. And uh you can see
that really playing out in the tech
indexes this morning or tech indexes.
But more importantly, we've just got the
China data dump coming out this morning.
And the numbers here really just do
point to that general weakening trend
that we're seeing across the month. So
let's start off with fixed asset
investment because that has fallen
further than anticipated. So down 1.7%
the estimate had been for contraction
of8% instead. Retail sales as well there
was a lot of focus on this reading
coming into the numbers this morning
they had actually risen uh more than
anticipated so up 2.9% the estimate had
been for 2.8% 8% and then as well the
the industrial output again gains but
not as much as anticipated so growth of
4.9% the prediction had been or
economists saying or looking for around
5 a.5% but I think again going back to
what's sort of the standout from this
really that fixed investment number
contraction much worse than expected of
1.7% here
>> yeah that was a much weaker print when
it comes to investment side of things
when you look at industrial production
the year to date and the year-on-year uh
was a miss Right. 6.1%
for year-to-ate industrial production.
Uh and 4.9% for the year-on-year
numbers. Uh yeah, retail side of things
slightly better, you could say, in terms
of the year-on-year numbers, but we're
still talking about 2.9%. That is softer
than the prior print as well. Uh you add
property investment, that is continues
to be a negative story. We're 14.7%
lower there when it comes to property
investment. Uh and when it comes to
residential property sales as well,
that's down more than 9%. this against
what we saw earlier here, right? Home
prices, new home prices continue to be
deeper uh in contraction and deeper into
that slump. You have weak credit growth
numbers that came out last night as
well. So, yes, uh it doesn't bode well
in terms of how we're shaping up in the
fourth quarter so far.
>> No, that's right. All right, let's get
more on this now. Bring in Helen Shia.
She's chief Greater China economist at
BFA Global Research. And Helen, thanks
very much for joining us in studio.
Well, you just heard a recap of the
numbers there, but but what were you
watching most closely? what's the
biggest focus for you this morning?
>> I would say that there are probably two
of them. The first one is the fixed
asset investment. Um I would say
Annabelle the number that you just read
uh out of the the script seems to be
suggesting a much more significant
deceleration in October even compared to
the previous two months. I would say
that in August and September we have
already seen that on you know
year-on-year basis single month we're
talking about minus 6 minus 7 7%
yearon-year uh uh growth. However, this
time I think the contraction if we back
it out for October is probably going to
be, you know, close to double digit. If
that's the case, that basically implies
again all three major components of
fixed asset investment, manufacturing,
infrastructure as well as property, you
know, under the FAI categories are
probably not doing very well. So, we
need to know more about, you know, which
one has fared uh the worst. And second
point I think is the I IP industrial
production uh industrial production
numbers came in came down also uh below
5%. And relative to last month it is
quite a notable deceleration. It's kind
of not a surprise given that you know
exports was a disappointment. So
probably this number is going to be a
bit lower than expected. But that said
you know it didn't come down to five but
instead even lower than five implying
that domestic demand is indeed pretty
weak. You mentioned on the investment
side given that seems like that was the
bigger disappointment. How does
anti-evolution play into that? Is that
the cause of this weakness?
>> Uh we think it's probably not the cause
of the whole weakness. The the
fundamental problem is the lack of
demand. Um so some people were saying
that oh the NDRC promoted this
anti-evolution campaign and therefore
manufacturing related fixed asset
investment has been decelerating much
faster than uh than before. Arguably in
previous three and a half years we have
seen property sector fixed asset
investment you know contracting fast at
double digit levels but during those
three and a half years infrastructure
and manufacturing investment growth
overall held up pretty well. So this is
the first year and especially starting
from June this is the first few months
that we have seen manufacturing
investment growth decelerating this
much. We think it is related to the
anti-evolution campaign which started
around then but we think it's only an
accelerator because after all the
problem is we are seeing not enough
demand from China and domestic demand
wise property market is still ailing and
we're actually also seeing that the
tariff impact on USbound tariffs exports
are probably also affecting
manufacturing FI. What do you say to
those that say, you know, maybe this is
a healthy correction that we're seeing
manufacturing that this, you know,
slowdown in investment and it really
kind of addresses some of the current
concerns out there about over capacity.
>> Is that an optimistic? Is that too
optimistic of a way I'm looking at it?
[gasps]
>> Well, uh there's always a glass half
full [laughter] or half empty approach,
but I would say that it depends depends
on whether we have, you know, enough
measures come afterwards to boost the
demand out of the the current uh uh
wolves. The problem is that we need to
retire those you know antiquated you
know probably underdeveloped type of uh
and underutilized capacity but we need
to at the same time develop new ones
right using new technology. If demand is
too weak you probably don't even have
the incentive to get the new ones done
right. So as a result this could
actually go further south if we're not
seeing enough policy stimulus in place.
But the good news is we're starting to
see some actions uh including for
example front-loaded local government
debt including for example the policy uh
structural lending tool being used in
the recent past. We think that's
probably going to give some cushion to
this FAI deceleration
>> and and what does it look like then I
guess the policy support going into next
year both on the fiscal side but also
monetary side.
>> Well first of all it's probably not
going to be immediate so don't hold your
breath. uh we are you know probably uh
uh just a month away from the central
economic working conference and the CWC
may not necessarily you know I would say
set something extremely aggressive after
all if you think about this year right
we have um you know most likely close to
5% GDP growth and therefore very close
to their target so you know if you were
the policy makers would you be in a rush
to deploy more aggressive policy
stimulus measures probably not so Maybe
we have to wait until March, April next
year to see a tone shift because by then
I think that deceleration would be more
pronounced and therefore policy measures
could come out with more support in
terms of for example interest rate cuts
or more fiscal stimulus.
>> Okay. So the target likely to be reached
this year. What about for next year in
terms of your growth expectations now
especially when you have investment? I
mean the slump that we're seeing I mean
that's a big chunk of the economy. Yeah,
we were having a macro tour last week in
uh in Beijing and what we learned from
the experts that we consulted is that
very likely China will set the growth
target next year again at about 5.0%.
Um so it's a tall order because it's not
going to be easily done uh again given
the recent deceleration. Um but we think
that this is the first year of the 15th
5-year program. It will kick off in
June. very likely that policy makers
would want to keep the growth target
unchanged from this year. For next year,
5% we think that definitely more
stimulus will be needed. As of now, we
don't think that enough has been
deployed and we have to wait basically
until late spring to tell.
>> Just a view as well on the retail sales
because that did expand a bit more than
anticipated but still it was a drop down
from the month prior. What what's your
take? 2.9% growth,
>> right? Uh we think that this is probably
due to the uh there is some some holiday
effect given that there was uh um you
know the golden week that was long one
day longer than usual but at the same
time there is also this front-loaded
purchases from the the uh singles day
purchase uh singles day was supposed to
be you know that two days ago right but
uh but actually it came in uh even much
earlier um usually around mid October so
there could be some front loading
although we don't necessarily think that
the magnitude is very significant.
ificant. So those could be uh you know
helpful and not to mention that we still
have the subsidy at the moment the shape
trading program. So those could have
helped too.
>> What do you make of the approach from
the government now? It seems like in
that 5-year plan it's really about tech
advancement uh becoming this kind of
industrial superpower in some ways and
that's going to just lead to prosperity
to all and maybe potentially lift
consumption. How do you think that's
going to play out? Well, that is one
part of the story which is the tech
sufficiency and also leadership. But the
other part I would say is the
rebalancing. So the rebalancing story
more about boosting consumption and
getting China and also including
investment more in people. That's also a
very uh unique and new theme. So we
think that this is actually you know
presenting a a gravitation towards more
towards the the consumption side of the
uh the the the the growth drivers and
that's actually pretty encouraging but
we're not necessarily sure how much more
detail we're going to see in the near
future regarding which type of measures
they're going to use. If it is just
about 300 remin per month per baby for
three three years I'm not so sure if
that would be enough to get people
>> Helen it's great to have you Helen Chow
there chief greater China economist at
BFA Global Research just checking in
terms of market reaction it's pretty
kind of muted reaction across Chinese
assets here this morning you take a look
at remman stocks I mean we're still kind
of slightly under pressure but not a
huge reaction on the back of these uh
numbers here you take a look at how risk
assets are looking at here today so what
happened overnight was, you know, you
had the dollar, you had treasuries, you
had gold, and Bitcoin all selling off at
the same time as we see this sort of
sucking of that whole AI trade once
again. We stabilized a bit here, but
we're still sub 100,000 for Bitcoin as
well. 411 for your US 10-year yield. Uh,
and gold too, you know, almost losing
that appeal when it comes to that kind
of safe haven status. Take a look. When
it comes to currencies, though,
certainly we're watching very closely.
There's sort of it's almost like a
bifurcation, right? where you actually
are seeing a strength here in the
dollar, you know, against the likes of
Bremen B against the euro. But look at
the pound. Uh there was this note here
from the FT talking about Kier Starmer,
the prime minister and the chancellor
Rachel Reeves have abandoned plans to
raise income taxes ahead of that budget.
That is denting sentiment around the
currency sterling at 131. Now dollar
yen. We're still hovering around that
1554 level here this morning. In terms
of China benchmarks, this is the
reactions across the board here right
now. It's oh well still seeing a bit of
selloff here but uh HS tech seems to be
the big drag here. We're down about 100
points for that gauge here bill. Yeah
and uh still ahead actually we're going
to go back to the city China conference
in Shanghai talking trade talking tech
tensions as well. We've got the former
US ambassador to Beijing Nicholas Burns
joining us in just a few moments plus
another exclusive interview live with
city CFO CEO CEO rather Jane Fraser
[music] but coming up later this hour.
So you are watching the China show and
this is Bloomberg.
Well, Morgan Stanley is facing [music]
scrutiny from a US congressional
committee over its underwriting of a
$3.7 billion Hong Kong IPO from Zing
Gold. Republican John Mullinar chairs
the House Select Committee on China.
He's written to the bank asking for
documents citing concerns [music] about
due diligence. Parent company Digi
Mining is on a US blacklist [music] tied
to alleged forced labor violations.
President Trump is preparing substantial
tariff cuts designed to address high
food prices as he seeks to stem a voter
backlash. The push comes after last
week's electoral [music] victories for
Democrats across key state and local
races. New trade deals with Latin
American countries will see the US
reduce tariffs and barriers [music] on
common grocery items like beef, bananas,
and coffee beans. All right, just
marking a line that's just crossed the
terminal. The US proving possible three
possible $330 million military sale to
Taiwan. It is coming against the
backdrop of some reporting we had
earlier this year. But President Trump
uh looking to ramp up weapon sales to
the island to a level that could
possibly exceed the level that was set
in his previous term. But that is what
we've got uh so far on that line. But
let's cross back to city's annual China
conference is underway this morning in
Shanghai. And our chief North Asia
correspondent, Steven Angel is at that
city annual China conference. Steve?
>> Yes. And we're very honored to have the
former US ambassador to China, Nicholas
Burns. He is now a professor at the
Kennedy School of Government at Harvard
University. Thanks so much. We have so
much to go through. And you're out of
the seat as ambassador, so we can get
right down to it without the diplomacy,
right?
>> So, let's talk about the truth. How
fragile is this truth? truce and how
sustainable is it?
>> I do think that's the right word for it.
I mean, there's been a very fractious
year in US China trade, lots of
disagreement. The meeting in South Korea
was positive in one sense. The fact that
Xiinping, Donald Trump have reconnected
and they have an ability to work with
each other and they'll see each other
twice in 2026 when President Trump
visits in April, when President Xi comes
to the US at the end of the year. But
there's a truce in the trade war. The
trade war I think is going to continue
into 2026.
>> It's going to be renewable every year.
The parameters of their agreement, but
nothing was signed. So,
>> no, it's not a traditional trade deal, a
thousand pages worked out by lawyers,
enforcement mechanisms. It's really an
agreement on a series of issues. China
will help the United States on fentanyl.
>> China will resume purchases of American
agriculture. China's the largest market
for American agricultural products. Um,
I think there's also an agreement, if
you read between the lines, Steve, that
neither government is trying to decouple
this $642 billion two-way trade
relationship, but they have a number of
differences on the specific trade
issues, but I think we'll bed continue
to bed the relationship into the next
year. So that will keep maybe not
decoupling but that will keep the
momentum on the de-risking of both sides
to be less reliant on each other going
forward because these things are still
going to crop up. Well, it's complicated
issue. I agree with you in part that
both neither government wants to be
dependent on the other for critical
materials or minerals. And so for the
you've seen President Trump but I think
quite rightly it's good that he's done
this is trying now to diversify our
supply of rare earth minerals with
Australia with Argentina and There was a
pack there.
>> Malaysia and inside the United States as
well. You see the Chinese uh government
trying to make sure it's not totally
dependent on
>> Look what they did in Brazil and
Argentina, the soybeans.
>> Well, exactly right.
>> Put the American farmers begging for
mercy.
>> Well, but also the Chinese are dependent
on advanced American semiconductors,
>> on advanced parts for air aircraft,
computer parts. And so I think actually
if I had to score this Yeah.
>> it's kind of a draw
>> really.
>> I think so. I mean a lot of people have
paid attention to the fact that China
came out in a very determined way to
match the US blow for blow. But I think
both sides have done that.
>> Well, did the US underestimate the the
levers that China had?
>> Certainly some in the administration did
at the very beginning in liberation day
thinking that the Chinese might not be
able to um to respond to what the US had
done. But I do think that President
Trump has been tough- minded on China
and I think that's correct. I've
supported many of his measures visav
China because you know China's been a
problem in global trade, intellectual
property theft, forced technology
transfer, the clear over production of
Chinese manufactured goods that are then
exported into the world. So I think the
president's been right to be tough-
minded. And I say this, Steve, because
in the Biden administration, one of my
jobs as ambassador to China was to
implement all the Trump tariffs. We did.
>> Yep.
>> And now you see,
>> you didn't dial back.
>> No. And now you see President Trump and
his administration have implemented the
Biden tariffs. Were you surprised though
and I was there at APE in Gongju uh when
the day before he met she he essentially
said black well chips the most advanced
AI accelerators from Nvidia um which had
been uh under export control said
they're on the table of course it never
materialized but were you surprised that
the United States would be willing to
get give up that lever and that national
security chip? I think it was kind of
surprising to hear that that might be on
the table. But I was very gratified,
very relieved that the United States
President Trump did not agree.
>> Why?
>> Why am I
>> Because Nvidia of course says they're
they're losing billions every year.
>> Because of the national security
interests of the United States. If we
allowed the sale of the most advanced
American semiconductors for AI purposes,
you know that that technology would go
to the People's Liberation Army and
allow it to compete directly with the
United States military in the
Indoacific. That's not in the security
interest of the United States. And
President Biden put those um export
controls 3 years ago on the Chinese
economy because we understood how the
civil military fusion works in China.
that any Chinese company importing this
material would have to turn it over to
the PLA. So, I think President Trump
made the right decision not to permit
Nvidia and other companies to export
these advanced chips.
>> So, you think they should hold fast to
that?
>> I do because certainly I understand
companies want to do business, but
here's the reality. If the United States
allowed Nvidia or Intel or any other
chip company to sell their most advanced
products in the Chinese market, it would
be very shortlived. The Chinese are
trying to innovate around our export
controls. And as soon as a Chinese
company, Huawei or anyone else was
producing these chips, you can be sure
the Chinese would move the American
company out. So, think of a short-term
advantage for an American company
weighed against the national security
interests of our country visav the
military.
>> Yeah, they've done that in other
industries. So,
>> they've done it's it's part of the
Chinese playbook.
>> So, we have a lot to cover in only a
couple more minutes. I do want to talk
about Taiwan. Seems to be a bit of a
flash point now between and some quite
vitriolic comments from Beijing
following some comments from Takiichan,
the new prime minister in Japan about
Taiwan. Um, and some are saying it's
maybe a a return to wolf warrior
diplomacy out of Beijing. Some really
sharp words uh criticizing Takiichan
about Taiwan. It shows that it's such a
red hot button issue for Beijing, but it
seems to that that wolf warrior
mentality seemed to die down a little
bit when you were the ambassador. You
might disagree with that, but how
alarming is this? I thought the comments
of a Chinese console general in Japan
were absolutely reprehensible. Diplomats
cannot and should not talk in that way.
>> I don't want to repeat some of the
words, but they were quite uh demeaning
and uh threatening,
>> unacceptable comments. And I must say I
think it's very good that Prime Minister
Takayichi and President Trump met. They
had a very successful visit. She's very
focused on strengthening Japanese
national security. And one can
understand that given the geographic
proximity of the Japanese home islands
to Taiwan. Of course the Japanese are
going to be concerned about any kind of
threat to Taiwan. So would the United
States be concerned any American
administration would. So I think what's
positive, Steve, is that Japan and the
Philippines and the United States are
working very closely together to help
the Taiwanese to deter any kind of
invasion and to promote their own
military uh buildup so that they can
have an effective det.
>> Before I get the rap, I need to tap your
Russian uh expertise. Uh we just had an
exclusive interview with Zalinski and he
talked and implored the Europeans and
the allies within the European Union to
really tap into those frozen funds,
Russian funds to help Ukraine survive
the recent onslaught by the Russian
military. Uh what are your thoughts on
how that war is going into its fourth
year now and what is needed?
>> What's remarkable is that Ukraine has
held its its ground for three and a half
years now. If the European Union could
come forward with this long-term funding
for Ukraine, it would be absolutely, I
think, consequential to help the
Ukrainians. Also important that the
United States of America support Ukraine
militarily. I think President Trump's
sanctions on Luke Oil and Ross Nef a
very important step. If he can continue
that, keep those sanctions in place,
work with Europe to make sure that
advanced American and European military
technologies available to President
Silinski. This is vital. We cannot allow
Putin to succeed.
>> And perhaps Donald Trump with his new
repro with Xiji get the Chinese also to
dial back their support.
>> China should stop its military
assistance to uh Russia for its war in
Ukraine.
>> Sir, ambassador, thanks so much.
Pleasure to see to see you here.
>> Ivon, gonna send it back to you as we
continue to take the China show on the
road here in Shanghai.
>> Thanks for doing that, Steve. Obviously
here we continue that. And of course,
next week's going to be NEF as well.
We're taking it to Singapore. And our
thanks to Nicholas Burns, former US
ambassador to China as well. Stay with
us here for more from City's China
Conference. CEO Jane Frasier is going to
be joining us exclusively in just a few
moments to talk about the bank's
turnaround, its AI Asia hiring plans, I
should say, AI adoption, and much more.
This is Bloomberg.
Taking a look at how markets are fairing
this morning. You can see here there is
a lot of red across the screen. I mean
it's it's very much a down pressure day.
A couple of different factors. I think
sort of the headline level is that
you've got this rethinking around the
Fed. Is a rate cut going to be even on
the table for [music] December? It seems
like you've got a less than 50% chance
of that happening right now. That's also
leading into a general tech unwind and
you're seeing those tech heavy
benchmarks benchmarks bearing the brunt.
More ahead.
[music]
Taking you to some live pictures here in
Beijing [music] this morning. We do have
a briefing underway unpacking these
numbers. We got the activity numbers at
the top of the hour. In aggregate, just
to say, uh, activity certainly cooled
more than expected in October. There was
an unprecedented slump in investment,
slower growth as well in industrial
output. So that added to a drag that we
saw from sluggish comp uh consumption
rather. We are just getting some lines
coming from the NBS this morning.
They're saying that intense competition
impacted firms profitability. Uh also
looking at intensifying innovationdriven
development as well and looking at
deepening reform and opening up
comprehensively but also uh pursuing
higher quality economic growth. I mean
it really wasn't great numbers tracking
into the end of the year.
>> Yeah. Retail sales will eased for a
fifth straight month. You have um the
big miss when it came to fixed asset
investment, right? That contraction
seems to be deepening as well. Uh be our
folks there at Boomer Economics is
coming up with their reaction. Please
saying that, you know, despite the
slower October growth picture, it will
not bring in new stimulus. So certainly
that's going to be the big question here
uh as we countdown to the fourth quarter
and what the 2026 sort of growth outlook
is going to be. Uh but let's get back to
of course Shanghai where our chief na
correspondent Stephen Engel is at the
City China conference and joins us now
with our next guest Steve.
>> Yes, our very honored guest here and
we're very pleased of course to be here
at the 20th anniversary of city's China
conference here in Shanghai and we have
none other than the chair and CEO Jane
Frasier. Thanks so much for having us.
>> Well, we're delighted to have Bloomberg
here. Thank you very much for joining
our conference. So, what do you hope to
get out of this? And when talking to all
your guests and your clients, uh, and to
understand a little bit more uh, about
the China market, which you know very
well, but we're coming out of a bruising
trade war. We're not even out of it yet,
right? Some say it's a truce. Uh, not
necessarily a lasting piece. What have
been your takeaway so far?
I think what's interesting this time at
this conference is that it's moved away
from a China for China story and instead
we have had huge interests and a large
number of investors and companies coming
to China to understand what is happening
here as well as the Chinese companies
and investors that are looking much more
externally now. So that really feels
like a sea change here. That's pretty
exciting. How do you serve your clients
against the backdrop of two governments
that are trying to derisk if not
decouple?
>> Look, I I I think the the recent truce
um has brought some much needed and
welcome um stability here. I think we're
in a position now for both sides that
wanted to have a period now where we can
just we can move ahead uh and have uh
have a a more stable relationship
between between both of them is
transactional um but uh it's in both
both sides interests and we see our
client base navigating this well.
>> Yeah. What what's your vision for the
China as the China market as it folds
into your overall restructuring plan as
well? You're now chair and CEO, first
time that those two roles have been
joined in a couple of decades. Clear
mandate to carry out your vision going
forward. What does that look like when
you did exit your consumer banking
business here like you did in many
markets around the world? You also sold
your retail wealth management portfolio
to HSBC. you got out of an investment
bank JV with Orient Securities I believe
and you have an outstanding license
application for your wholly owned JV in
securities.
>> So City has been in China for for 124
years. We have a a landmark building um
here in Shanghai and what we have done
is focused our strategy and growth. Um
we are following our international
clients around the world. We're seeing
them with renewed interest uh and focus
in China as we talked about and then
we're seeing the Chinese companies
innovating at pace um and also looking
at expanding internationally. So we've
been growing rapidly here with a more
focused strategy um and it is it is the
power of clarity um and renewed purpose
in the firm. Now, before this interview
started, you really countered what I
said is you're pulling back a little bit
from China. That's not at all. You're
adding headcount. How come what what are
your headcount numbers when we we get
headlines that your IT department maybe
3,500 jobs are going to be moving
elsewhere and this and that. You pulled
back from retail three or four years
ago.
>> Yeah. I I think you're getting the story
wrong.
>> Good. Good. That's why we're here.
>> City is on the city is on the front
foot. Um we are innovating. Um, we are
growing. We're helping support our
clients. Our clients are both building
resiliency and they are reinventing
themselves with all the technological
changes. That is no different in China
than it is in other parts of the world.
So, um, no, this is this is a firm with
clarity of purpose, with clarity of
direction. We know where we're headed
and we're really delivering strong
progress. So, I I'm excited by the
upside that we have. I'm excited about
the progress we're making and I see it
here on the ground in in China. If we
think we move away from some of the it
just headwinds that we all know about on
consumer spending and on the property
market. You look behind that here in
China.
>> It's a manufacturing powerhouse.
>> What are we seeing? 50% of all robotic
companies in the world are here in
China. Um, China is writing the next
chapter of its economy around advanced
manufacturing, around innovation, as
well as more Chinese companies expanding
internationally. Um, and we're both
serving 70% of the Fortune 500 that are
here in China as well as serving the
Chinese companies locally um, tap into
global markets.
>> So, how does that equate to what the
deal flow you see? V who's the head of
global banking who we talked to a couple
of hours ago extremely bullish on the
amount of deal flows going into 2026.
What kind of crossber with China do you
see?
>> Look I think we're seeing new corridors
opening up um and the scale of ambitions
not just in China but in Asia are higher
than we see really in in many other
parts of the world. So in these new
corridors we're seeing the Middle East
connecting with Asia. um for the GCC you
know they were expecting Asia to be its
largest trading partner by next year
that's an entirely new set of flows in
the last 5 years Brazil's connection
into Asia and into China again very
robust um their major partners so you
know the world is changing rapidly it's
adding new corridors it's adding new
flows it's adding new wealth um and
scale is the name of the What will be
your strategy with wealth management?
You got out, as I said, the the the
retail portion of your wealth u
management was sold to HSBC, but you're
going to be the onshore here, but you're
going to do a lot of it from Hong Kong
and Singapore, right?
>> So, City is focused um internationally,
not on um not on retail banking. We are
focused on serving clients who have
crossborder needs. That is a very
vibrant um
segment of clients. think of individuals
um that are driving um the mid-market
companies are growing internationally.
We think of the world's uh billionaires
and wealthy um that need access to
global markets and then we obviously
think of investors and corporations
doing so. Um there's a lot of engine of
growth.
It's going to be 50% of all of the new
high- netw worth households created in
the next three years will be created
here in Asia. So our focus is on what is
the wealth proposition for those as well
as supporting the companies and the
engines of growth behind them.
>> So what kind of hiring is going to be
needed in this part of the world, not
necessarily China but the rest of Asia
at a time when we're also seeing
corporate America as they invest heavily
into AI, they've had to pull back on
hiring and jobs have been cut. It
>> it's a it's a great question. I think AI
is certainly changing a lot of what
we're expecting we're going to need in
the world going forward. So from city's
point of view for example um we see this
as an opportunity to really train up our
talent. How do we empower our talent to
use the AI tools so they can be smarter
in front of clients? They can spend more
time um serving clients um and coming up
with solutions as opposed to the more um
chore elements um of being a banker. Um,
we don't know how quickly it's going to
change, Steve. So, you know, there'll be
certainly a lot of shift in coding jobs.
We've seen that already. Our
productivity is up 9% year-over-year for
our coding teams, but there's going to
be new jobs created, too. Um, none of us
quite know yet exactly how the timing
will play out. Um, we know there's a lot
of change ahead of that, but um, our
approach is we're going to invest in our
talent. our firm is growing and that
should be able to support the needs
going forward.
>> You you mentioned the Middle East. I
think you just came back from Riad. Uh
you're co-chair of the US uh uh Saudi
Business Council, I believe. This also
very bullish on India. Magnificent
opportunity there.
>> He's biased.
>> Might be a little bit biased maybe. Uh
but again, what do you hope to
>> get from those markets as it fits into
your restructuring plan and the vision
that you just talked about? you know, we
the the growth plans that we have going
forward because we we are we are on the
front foot. I cannot stress that enough
and you can see it in our results. So,
all of our businesses, we're taking
share. We're growing uh very quickly. Um
and uh our returns are improving. So, as
we're looking forward, it's growth.
Let's take India. Um city is larger in
India today. We are the largest foreign
firm by revenues in India. Um, when I
look at Korea, we where I was just at,
that's another market where we were the
first foreign bank to open the doors in
Korea. Um, and we have a a very strong
position there supporting multinationals
and clients. So, as I look around the
world, it's becoming um more focused on
diversification.
There is also a focus on reinvention.
What we are doing is helping provide the
strategic advice. We're helping provide
the financing and structuring and
arranging that. And we're also helping
manage the supply chain reconfiguration.
We're helping with the hedging in
foreign exchange interest rates because
volatility is a feature. It's not a bug
of this system.
>> Through your restructuring, you had to
get rid of the retail side. And there's
are there other areas that you would
like to divest? I know
>> you have the wrong story. City is about
growing. We're very front foot. very
clear on our strategy and we're moving
onwards.
>> I only asked because again the Russia
situation is a little bit different
probably than your overall strategy. We
just got uh word that Vladimir Putin
approved the sale to Renaissance Capital
of your bank in Russia. Probably
something that you've been wanting to do
for a while but was held back.
>> Um we have been winding down as as many
uh many companies have been the
franchise in Russia. Um we were waiting
for the final approval to be able to
sell. We've got a couple more to go to
Renaissance, but it's it's a tiny it's a
tiny business. So, it's uh in the grand
scheme of where City is, where we're
investing, and what we're doing. Um it
would be good to get that done, but uh
it it's not uh it's not critical to the
firm strategy going forward.
>> Let's talk about the outlook in the
United States right now as we head into
2026. We saw the market reaction
overnight. simply we're seeing that the
Fed's equation uh that the bets for a
possible easing coming up and now 50/50
or tilt below that because of the
spectre of inflation. What is your
outlook for Fed action going into the
new year and the spectre of inflation
rising?
>> Uh look, I I I don't think we're out of
the woods yet and there's a sense that
there may be another shoe to drop. It
could be in tariffs or in the labor
market. It could be in the asset prices
that are quite high in the states. But
all of that said, we're quite optimistic
about 26 and the challenge for the Fed
right now is with the government
shutdown, you know, we all have a darth
of up to-ate data which we could do
with, it's hard to make these calls of
exactly what's going on um whilst we're
waiting for the information. Um but but
as we look further out into next year, I
think the resiliency of the corporate
balance sheets, the strength, companies
uh leaning in to innovation, investing
in AI, you know, there is um I think the
doomsdayers will be proven wrong.
>> We're a couple months out now from when
we had concerns rise about I think there
was one at Tricolor, the the auto
subprime auto lender. There were
failures. uh there was concerns about
non-performing loans. What what does
your balance sheet look like as far as
that and where is your worries lie?
>> You know, I our balance sheet is
pristine. Um and but I think part of
that is because it's it's very heavily
uh investment grade on the corporate
side. Uh we're over 80% investment grade
globally. Um and when we look at the
consumer side, it's about uh 86% prime.
So you tend to, you know, we tend to see
the most resilient, healthiest parts of
the economy on the balance sheet. All of
that said, we haven't seen a thing that
is concerning us. The consumer in the
states is being fiscally responsible.
Um, companies have been building up some
more cash um either for a rainy day if
it proves necessary, but most of them
for investment. Um, and they're, you
know, they're acting from a position of
strength. We'll keep an eye on the labor
market. Um we'll keep an eye on some of
the areas mid-tier players in private
credit and the like. But as far as we're
concerned that second third order
effects and you the the banks uh the
bank's not seeing anything that we're
worried about.
>> Are you concerned by what some say maybe
bubble forming in AI? We talked about
the advantages of AI, but
>> how much of a bubble or overheating? I
I'm not sure if we're just in the in
with a lot of our tech clients and the
West Coast. I I don't think anyone was
ready to say that it's a full-on A-high
bubble, but no one is no one is saying
that there are um some real pockets of
uh let's call it the British
understatement frothiness in the market.
It's more around the edges. Um what I
found interesting is we can see a lot of
the uh demand for the infrastructure
build that's going in in AI and the
energy for the next couple of years. You
know where you saw some opinions diverge
was in the 3 to 5 year period could we
be in danger of overbuilding but no
one's feeling that for the big
investments that are going on at the
moment for the next couple of years. So
I think on that one um some certainly
some pockets of frothiness there on the
valuations but the the core
infrastructure investments um are
important and um as we're seeing in our
own bank and I think many companies are
we'll start getting some of the
productivity benefits coming through but
the scale yeah
>> the scale and the pace of investment is
uh unprecedented that is for sure
>> Jane Fraser thanks so much
>> thank you
>> hope you don't mind me playing the
devil's advocate. I have the story
straight now. Thanks. [laughter]
>> Thanks so much for having us here at
your China conference, the 20th
anniversary of that conference here in
Shanghai. Okay, Ivonne Bell, back to
you.
>> Thanks, Steve. Yeah, great interview
there as well, just touching on AI
bubble real or or certainly seeing a
huge run in in some of those stock
prices as well. But that was our chief
North Asia correspondent Steven Engel
with the city chair and CEO Jane Fraser.
And if you are a subscriber, you want to
rewatch that interview, you can via our
interactive TV function, TV go. You can
also become part of the conversation by
sending us instant messages. So do check
it out at TV go. We'll have plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Well, on some world news this morning,
China's securityurities watchdog Chief
Wuing is [music] reportedly seeking
approval to step down due to ill health,
but the Reuters report says it's not
clear whether his resignation has been
accepted. The CSRC posted photos after
the report showing Woo meeting with
market regulators in France and Brazil.
who was only appointed in February last
year and is known as the broker butcher
after a previous [music] crackdown on
securities trading firms.
China has summoned Japan's ambassador to
protest Prime Minister [music] Sai
Takahuchi's comments over the comments
that a conflict over Taiwan could pose
what she calls [music] an existential
risk to Japan. Chinese Vice Foreign
Minister Sunun Way Dong described the
remarks as bracingly provocative,
[music]
accusing Tokyo of suggesting it might
intervene in the Taiwan issue. Sun urged
Japan to retract what he labeled
reprehensible comments.
>> Yeah, and this has been a big issue in
state media and on the mainland. [music]
Let's get to our trending segment here
and bring in our Mim Lo. Uh there were
some strong words from Beijing. Yeah,
actually pretty chilling words because
not only that the vice foreign minister
uh asked Japan to retract those
comments, he also said otherwise they
will have to face the consequences and
Beijing has said that any interference
in China's internal affairs will be met
with a powerful counter strike and the
foreign ministry you can take a look at
this quote. It says specifically very
explicitly that Taiwan belongs to China.
If Japan dares to meddle in the crossra
crossstraight situation, it will be seen
as an act of aggression. So this is
almost like a declaration of war if
Japan were to intervene in an attack on
Taiwan. And I want to give you more
context about what Takayichi actually
said because she said that an attack on
Taiwan could be seen as a potentially
survival threatening situation for
Japan. And why this is significant is
because Taiwanese Japanese constitution
renounces war, right? But there is a
leeway given for any uh survival
threatening situation. So when she says
that it essentially gives the legal
justification to intervene militarily.
She didn't explicitly say that but China
is clearly interpreting it as such and
so the response has been extremely
strong so far.
>> The consil general as of a saka has has
also weighed in on this and there were
some inflammatory remarks that were on X
but they were later deleted. So so what
do we know on that front? Yeah. So, it
was deleted, but I guess he was really
upset by that. I'm going to read you his
comments. It was reported on Japanese
media, and he says, "If you go sticking
that filthy neck where it doesn't
belong, it's going to get sliced right
off. Are you ready for that?" So, it's
very, very inappropriate comments. It
prompted Tokyo to, you know, lodge
complaint against Beijing. And so, both
sides are lodging complaints against
each other. The Chinese foreign ministry
has responded saying that this is a post
that is in response to what Takayichi
said. and says it's irresponsible for
Japanese politicians and media to hype
this post up and divert attention from
what Takayichi said. And this is the
headline on the Global Times editorial
as well saying that you know the heinous
nature the malicious intent behind her
remarks have been extremely shocking and
that it has caused a serious damage to
China Japan relations.
>> All right, as we said very much an issue
in terms of what we're seeing in state
media on the mainland today. That was
our China correspondent Mim Lo there.
Thanks for that. We will have plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
I think the the recent truce um has
brought some much needed and welcome um
stability here. I think we we're in a
position now for both sides that wanted
to have a period now where we can
[music] just we can move ahead uh and
have uh have a a more stable
relationship between between both of
them is transactional. Um [music] but uh
it's in both both sides interests and we
see our client base navigating this
well.
>> J Frasier there city chair and CEO
speaking [music] to us exclusively at
the city China conference in Shanghai.
So obviously she's she's optimistic
about China. Certainly seeing a lot of
activity there. I on the ground though
when you take a look at this activity
day that we got it hasn't looked like
you know in terms of you know seeing
some sort of recovery there's early not
that many signs of that right now
especially we're starting off the fourth
quarter on a softer footing right so we
talked about industrial production uh
that was a miss here as well fixed asset
investment that was a record decline of
1.7% for the first 10 months of the year
>> yeah that was really one of the sort of
standouts to the downside also sluggish
consumption that you continue to see so
that sort of paints a picture there in
terms of of the market reaction to it. I
mean, you just have seen that continued
weakness across the session. It feeds
across what we had on Wall Street
overnight. But just taking a look at
some of the individual movers to note
briefly uh because we had earnings out
from JD.com [music]
for instance and again uh really
concerns about their overall spending
and and the broader economic environment
you see given it's that very intense
e-commerce competition. Let's leave you
with a final note here on what you see
for the semi stocks again under pressure
that unwind of the tech trade plus what
you see for broader Asia given you've
got this expectations that maybe the Fed
won't be cutting come December. That's
it for the China Show and this is
Bloomberg.